notes.md, before:


Pre Deployment:

Set debug to false
Remove collect static on heroku
Add admin accounts/generic accounts for submission
Add 10 recipes to database - 3 users 
Create readme - dropdown for images
manual testing html/js/python/lighthouse/css
Update github projects 
Rename the applications/files
Enable auto Deploys 

TO DO:

Finish all styling, responsiveness, page layouts
Styling for recipe full screen page 
Style recipe creation form - Add crispy forms? Add summernote editor to the recipe creation
Build contact form api - Email service templates
Add email function to reset password
Add images and image cover text to home page 
Update page selection in main navbar
Favicon
Python/Js Testing
Add images upload to the app
Add create new recipe functions with summernote editor - Page created 
Add edit and delete functions - Add popup for are you sure about deleting the recipe - Page created
Add aria labels/semenatic code
Add code block comments
Ensure on users home page that only latest 4 recipes show
Fix bug on recipes page with auth.user.none - users likes 
Add comments to recipe page page and likes
Add back and next buttons to the recipe post page 
Add search to recipes page 

Maybe:
 
Add alerts for log in/out/posting/editing
Add breadcrumb navigation to the application under the header/navbar
Dark Mode
Add random image generator to the registered users home page
else statment for recipes page to add create recipe button

Commit message:

Add contact form API. Add general page styling

notes.md, after:


Pre Deployment:

Set debug to false
Remove collect static on heroku
Add admin accounts/generic accounts for submission
Add 10 recipes to database - 3 users 
Create readme - dropdown for images
manual testing html/js/python/lighthouse/css
Update github projects 
Rename the applications/files
Enable auto Deploys 

TO DO:

Finish all styling, responsiveness, page layouts
Styling for recipe full screen page 
Style recipe creation form - Add crispy forms? Add summernote editor to the recipe creation
Add email function to reset password
Add images and image cover text to home page 
Update page selection in main navbar
Favicon
Python/Js Testing
Add images upload to the app
Add create new recipe functions with summernote editor - Page created 
Add edit and delete functions - Add popup for are you sure about deleting the recipe - Page created
Add aria labels/semenatic code
Add code block comments
Fix bug on recipes page with auth.user.none - users likes 
Add comments to recipe page page and likes
Add back and next buttons to the recipe post page 
Add search to recipes page 
Remove slug and use recipe id for page - Youtube video 

Maybe:
 
Add alerts for log in/out/posting/editing
Add breadcrumb navigation to the application under the header/navbar
Dark Mode
Add random image generator to the registered users home page
else statment for recipes page to add create recipe button
